1. Describe your day-to-day activities?

2. What’s the STLC – Mention phases/processes?

3. When should the testing lifecycle begin

4. What’s SDLC – Mention phases or processes and models?

5. What it is the testing process in your company?

6. What do you do if you find a bug in production?

7. What do you do if a developer rejects your bug?

8. BDD vs TDD?

9. BDD includes automation. Mention how that comes.

10. Mention types of BDD and how they can be practically implemented.

11. Mention defect management tools you know

12. Differentiate between priority and severity in bug handling?

13. Mention the different levels/stages of priority and severity testing? 

14. Explain the bug life cycle.

15. Mention the bug details

16. Talk about the response time of applications

17. Mention three items to check in performance testing

18. Mention non-functional tests 

19. What languages are used for automation?

20. Explain acceptance testing

21. Differentiate between Quality Assurance and testing

22. Describe the bug assigning process

23. Describe performance testing

24. Differentiate between retest and regression

25. Explain bug reporting phases

26. Differentiate between functional and non-functional testing

27. How to do performance testing automation (Jmeter)

28. Describe performance testing, the various types, and why they are conducted

29. Reasons why a bug may not be fixed

30. Mention benefits of agile methodology

31. Describe the components of an API and tools used for testing

32. How to intercept postman responses [Explain from the perspective of status code or test results]

33. Test scenarios that are not fit for automation

34. Reason for automating tests

35. How to explain to your project manager that all tests can not be automated (Use scenarios)

36. How many system and integration test cases can/do you test per day?

37. How do you measure productivity for testing?

38. Techniques applied in designing test cases

39. Explain the creation and execution of test cases

40. Mention some of the testing tools you are aware of.

41. Describe a test plan and its components

42. Describe test activities and outputs

43. Differentiate between smoke and sanity testing

44. Differentiate between boundary and equivalence partitioning/testing

45. Who to approach when you have a particular issue during testing?

46. How can you indicate that you have communicated to devs during tests (Addition or modification of test cases)

47. How to explain to a developer to solve a bug if already rejected

48. Explain CI/CD using Gitlab

49. What to recommend to your manager if load tests fail using JMeter when asked to improve either infrastructure or code?

50. What are triggers for CI/CD?

CV and Interview guide sites
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kayOhGRcNt4&t=344s - Linda Raynier - Tell me about yourself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M9JmC45VUtc - coracle - Writing a CV
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHDrj0_bMQ0 - Acing an Interview - Harvard Extension School
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dfP9BvQ7q1M - Answering behavioral based questions - Laurier

 Career Center